Prepare release 3.1.0 (#764)
grafana/grafana-amazonprometheus-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

- chore(deps): update grafana/shared-workflows/ action to in [#690](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-amazonprometheus-datasource/pull/690)
- chore(deps): update actions/setup-node digest to 48b55a0 in [#712](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-amazonprometheus-datasource/pull/712)
- chore(deps): update docker dependencies in [#709](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-amazonprometheus-datasource/pull/709)
- chore(deps): lock file maintenance in [#711](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-amazonprometheus-datasource/pull/711)
- chore(deps): update actions/create-github-app-token action to v3 in [#676](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-amazonprometheus-datasource/pull/676)
- chore(deps): lock file maintenance in [#706](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-amazonprometheus-datasource/pull/706)
- fix(deps): update module github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-sdk-go to v0.291.1 in [#705](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-amazonprometheus-datasource/pull/705)
- chore(deps): update frontend dependencies in [#703](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-amazonprometheus-datasource/pull/703)

> - chore(deps): update prom/prometheus docker tag to v3.11.1 in [#704](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-amazonprometheus-datasource/pull/704)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feat: forward logged-in Grafana user identity headers to Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus in [#751](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-amazonprometheus-datasource/pull/751)

- chore: update create-plugin tooling, Go deps, and dev environment in [#756](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-amazonprometheus-datasource/pull/756)

- update plugin.json routes with reqAction in [#732](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-amazonprometheus-datasource/pull/732)

- Supporting AMP in query in [#728](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-amazonprometheus-datasource/pull/728)
```
